Feature/elasticsearch stopwords (#5917)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/config-guide/elasticsearch/es-config-stopwords.md

    ```

Save your changes to `di.xml` and exit the text editor.

To change the directory from your module

1. [Create a new module](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/extension-dev-guide/build/module-file-structure.html){:target="_blank"}

2.	In your module `etc/di.xml` add instructions:

```xml

<type name="Magento\Elasticsearch\SearchAdapter\Query\Preprocessor\Stopwords">
	<arguments>
		<argument name="stopwordsModule" xsi:type="string">(Your_Module)</argument>
		<argument name="stopwordsDirectory" xsi:type="string">stopwords</argument>
	</arguments>
</type>
```

> 3. In your module, create the directory `etc/stopwords`, inside add files .csv

Reviewer: Please, change the order of the words in the following explanation. 
```suggestion
3. In your module, create the directory `etc/stopwords`, with the corresponding `.csv` files inside.
```

Also, it would be really nice to have a reference (link) to the existing stopwords implementation in the `Magento_Elasticsearch` module.

    ```

Save your changes to `di.xml` and exit the text editor.

## To change the directory from your module {#to-change-directory-stopwords}

1. [Create a new module](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/extension-dev-guide/build/module-file-structure.html){:target="_blank"}
1. In your module `etc/di.xml` add instructions:

    ```xml
    <type name="Magento\Elasticsearch\SearchAdapter\Query\Preprocessor\Stopwords">
        <arguments>
           <argument name="stopwordsModule" xsi:type="string">Your_Module</argument>
           <argument name="stopwordsDirectory" xsi:type="string">stopwords</argument>
        </arguments>
    </type>
    ```

1. In your module, create the directory `etc/stopwords`, with the corresponding `.csv`.

> [files inside.](https://github.com/magento/magento2/tree/2.3-develop/app/code/Magento/Elasticsearch/etc/stopwords){:target="_blank"}

Reviewer: Please, use the relative blob links instead of the direct absolute links. You can find an example at the very bottom of the [following](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/magento/devdocs/2946d41c63a2747ddf87adf747512e8742c58cca/guides/v2.2/javascript-dev-guide/widgets/widget_accordion.md) file.

I.e. 

```javascript
[lib/web/mage/accordion.js]: {{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/lib/web/mage/accordion.js
```

Author: Hi @rogyar the changes were taken care of but i had to add new variable
